README.md, before:

# Dark Orb

There is no brain, only Dark Orb

## Basic Usage

You will need:

- [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/download) (10.x)
- A Package Manager ([Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/getting-started) or [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/installing-node))
- Rollup CLI (Optional, install via `npm install -g rollup`)

Download the latest source [here](https://github.com/screepers/screeps-typescript-starter/archive/master.zip) and extract it to a folder.

Open the folder in your terminal and run your package manager to install the required packages and TypeScript declaration files:

```bash
# npm
npm install

# yarn
yarn
```

### Rollup and code upload

DarkOrb uses rollup to compile your typescript and upload it to a screeps server.

Move or copy `screeps.sample.json` to `screeps.json` and edit it, changing the credentials and optionally adding or removing some of the destinations.

Running `rollup -c` will compile your code and do a "dry run", preparing the code for upload but not actually pushing it. Running `rollup -c --environment DEST:main` will compile your code, and then upload it to a screeps server using the `main` config from `screeps.json`.

You can use `-cw` instead of `-c` to automatically re-run when your source code changes - for example, `rollup -cw --environment DEST:main` will automatically upload your code to the `main` configuration every time your code is changed.

Finally, there are also NPM scripts that serve as aliases for these commands in `package.json` for IDE integration. Running `npm run push-main` is equivalent to `rollup -c --environment DEST:main`, and `npm run watch-sim` is equivalent to `rollup -cw --dest sim`.

#### Important! To upload code to a private server, you must have [screepsmod-auth](https://github.com/ScreepsMods/screepsmod-auth) installed and configured!

## Typings

The type definitions for Screeps come from [typed-screeps](https://github.com/screepers/typed-screeps). If you find a problem or have a suggestion, please open an issue there.

## Documentation

Based off of the screeps typescript starter template.

To visit the docs, [click here](https://screepers.gitbook.io/screeps-typescript-starter/).

Commit message:

Better access control. Refining patterns

README.md, after:

# Dark Orb

There is no brain, only Dark Orb

## Basic Usage

You will need:

-   [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/download) (10.x)
-   A Package Manager ([Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/getting-started) or [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/installing-node))
-   Rollup CLI (Optional, install via `npm install -g rollup`)

Download the latest source [here](https://github.com/screepers/screeps-typescript-starter/archive/master.zip) and extract it to a folder.

Open the folder in your terminal and run your package manager to install the required packages and TypeScript declaration files:

```bash
# npm
npm install

# yarn
yarn
```

### Rollup and code upload

DarkOrb uses rollup to compile your typescript and upload it to a screeps server.

Move or copy `screeps.sample.json` to `screeps.json` and edit it, changing the credentials and optionally adding or removing some of the destinations.

Running `rollup -c` will compile your code and do a "dry run", preparing the code for upload but not actually pushing it. Running `rollup -c --environment DEST:main` will compile your code, and then upload it to a screeps server using the `main` config from `screeps.json`.

You can use `-cw` instead of `-c` to automatically re-run when your source code changes - for example, `rollup -cw --environment DEST:main` will automatically upload your code to the `main` configuration every time your code is changed.

Finally, there are also NPM scripts that serve as aliases for these commands in `package.json` for IDE integration. Running `npm run push-main` is equivalent to `rollup -c --environment DEST:main`, and `npm run watch-sim` is equivalent to `rollup -cw --dest sim`.

#### Important! To upload code to a private server, you must have [screepsmod-auth](https://github.com/ScreepsMods/screepsmod-auth) installed and configured!

## Typings

The type definitions for Screeps come from [typed-screeps](https://github.com/screepers/typed-screeps). If you find a problem or have a suggestion, please open an issue there.

## Conventions

This bot is organized into systems. Anything within the `src/system/` directory is considered a system. Each package is composed of multiple files

-   `index.d.ts`: Place any publicly accessible data types, interfaces, and Memory additions here.
-   `[System name]Interface.ts`: The entrypoint for the system. Code that needs methods described in the system must go through the functions and interfaces in this file.
-   `[SystemName]Logic.ts`: For complicated calculations and creep logic.
-   `[Scoppe][System Name]System.ts`: Files deliniating systems by their scope. For instance, there is a Shard level spawning system and a room level one. The shard level one is responsible for multi-room creeps and coordinating spawning operations between multiple rooms. Room level ones are just that, room level

Another important note is naming convention. TypeScript has no package-private modifier, so all methods beginning with `_` are considered scoped only to the system. You should not access any properties beginning with an underscore while crossing from one system to another.
